Add landing pages for each section (#173)
canonical/content-cache-k8s-operator: docs/explanation/index.md

> Explanation

Reviewer: Since this is a new page, I'd like to add an HTML metadata description to it:
```suggestion
---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description lang=en": "Conceptual guides explaining the security of the Content Cache K8s charm."
---

Explanation
```

===========

> This section contains explanations about the content-cache charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains explanation guides about the `content-cache-k8s` charm.
```
nit
